README.md, before:


# ezReadMe

## Table of Contents
1. [Description](#program-description)
2. [User Story](#user-story)
3. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
4. [How to use the program](#how-to-use-the-program)
5. [Licenses](#licenses)
6. [Contribute](#how-can-you-contribute?)
7. [Providing Feedback](#where-can-you-provide-feedback?)
    
## Program Description
ezReadme is a node js application that ask the user a series of questions geared to aid in the creation of README's for projects.
    
## User Story
AS a use I've created an application but still need to produce a proper README to explain everything needed for someone to understand and use the application before cloning the code.
    
## Dependencies
Inquire, fs(filesystem), and util.
    
## How to use the Program
Once you clone the repo to your computer, open your command line application, navigate to the repo, and type in node index.js. Answer the questions that you are prompted in the command line. Then reap the rewards of a well organized Readme with a table of contents.
    
## Licenses
Licensed under the MIT.
    
## How can you contribute?
This is a project created for fun, there is no need to contribute to my learning.
    
## Where can you provide feedback?
Please reach out to me via: email at ngoudeau2012@gmail.com

Commit message:

added the ability ility to add an image to the readme.

README.md, after:

# ezReadme

## Table of Contents
1. [Description](#program-description)
2. [User Story](#user-story)
3. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
4. [How to use the program](#how-to-use-the-program)
5. [Licenses](#licenses)
6. [Contribute](#how-can-you-contribute?)
7. [Providing Feedback](#where-can-you-provide-feedback?)
    
## Program Description
ezReadme is a node js application that ask the user a series of questions geared to aid in the creation of README's for projects.
    
## User Story
AS a use I've created an application but still need to produce a proper README to explain everything needed for someone to understand and use the application before cloning the code.
    
## Dependencies
Inquire, fs(filesystem), and util.
    
## How to use the Program
Once you clone the repo to your computer, open your command line application, navigate to the repo, and type in node index.js. Answer the questions that you are prompted in the command line. Then reap the rewards of a well organized Readme with a table of contents.

## Example
![Project Image or Gif](./assets/readme.gif)
    
## Licenses
Licensed under the Licensed under the MIT..
    
## How can you contribute?
This is a project created for fun, there is no need to contribute to my learning.
    
## Where can you provide feedback?
Please reach out to me via: Please reach out to me via: email at ngoudeau2012@gmail.com
